I arrived at this planet’s northern hemisphere and it was ash. This planet has no sign of inhabitants for at least millenia. The machine that operates the planet is fashioned atop it. But no one is home. The planet hasn't moved, and the planet is dead.
A projection begins on my Slembo-i xx-xx 35098 dashboard. The old technology converts to the ultra-finial grade software this double-double X uses. It shows the alien species that came down. And oppressed the civilians. That's the racket at least. Seen it before in this quadrant. 
The footage looks pleasant, kind of like a calling card for a professional cat burglar. 
They show the handshakes of first contact, the glorby smiles and falsehoods. It then shows the tape they probably sold them on. Where they construct malignance directly into the planet. And they show how you can drive through it, or fly through it, it's seamless and unobtrusive and they're only going to build a fabulous one here. But then they jack into your planet via the conduit you had no idea about. Then they purchase the operation of your planet’s central resources.
Here is the catch, they're not inviting your species onboard their crib. That's what they call it. Like a cradle. For their species. So if you help them out, you’re basically still in it for yourself. And you have to hold onto your piece of the intergalactic puzzle.
Looks like this planet fought back. That's good for them. This hologram appears to be from the indigenous species. The effects however are irreversible. 
I bet it was a bloody war. Ruining crops and water supplies and schools. Until they ran eachother out. Some planets, this is their only hope. They haven't progressed outward from their planet via custom or tradition. So they are cessed with obsessing over the needs of their planet over another planet's needs. And they drain each other over the same cause. 
The preservation of life. Liberty over oppression. Obsession killed both planets and both species.
Saddest part is they were probably only doing it because it worked before. And they wised up! Suckers. The whole lot of 'em. Poor wasted fools.
Then the projection shifts to something shakier. Before my eyes citizens dying reached out for one last hope, explaining what life on their planet had been like. And what their buildings and tools were for, and I mean old. Not necessarily defunct, but unrecognizable. But I've seen these before and I reach to turn it off.
But I could serve to remember my humanity once in a while.
And I watch it through. Before beginning my scavenging run.
