We all want to know what's at the bottom of the ocean. You can find parts of the bottom at the shores of your favorite beach, but what is beyond that. Deep deep ocean, right? Or sea! What's beyond that! Well did you know, that we absolutely know more about the world's Ocean's than 1%? Did you know we know more about space than the ocean. This is because we have to go underwater to study it, when the frankly transportable Life is what interests us. Plus we can build observatories on land. That's not even science. That's like saying we don't have cloud cars that walk on clouds and that's fishy. I'll tell you what, we do know a lot about the ocean. And nobody knows more... than I do.
There's 5 of them for one measly percent.	
Because of how deep the ocean is, the amount of light breeching the surface doesn't allow deeper parts to feel the sun's warmth. But the ocean currents are constantly changing, so sometimes the lower waters feel the warmth! Not all of them. This isn't a sympathetic tale. But it is looked at vertically from sea-level down as increase and measure of depth. But it just keeps going.
Ok, so you know that the water temperature changes, and it's easy to conclude that it gets darker the deeper you go. But what you may not know is that the water gets dirtier and dirtier the deeper you go. And the animals get bigger and bigger the deeper you go. The creatures. You'd hardly think it was possible, but I inform you that they feed on the smaller deep-sea creatures just like everyone else. This isn't even a precautionary tale. Personally, not afraid of the global warming, but I am pissed off about the garbage. That runs deep. And it pissed a lot of creatures off too. They started coming to the surface. Not for food, not for mating rituals or migration! Because they were pissed off!
I built the first UI that went into the Giant Robots. UI as in user interface, as opposed to an AI, which I never had a hand in. Wherein those models always seemed to be more sympathetic to the monster's cause and join in the attempted destruction of humanity. There was was one good AI ; started a schoolhouse with a butterfly garden, but it got shit-heaped. Now we're 1100 and 1. I mean they just kept coming. When I got more and more sophisticated with the UI, they couldn't replace me and I was irreplaceable so when we made the move to my user-operated builds and changed the name to power armor- I got a big promotion. A big corner office, and my dream of finally discovering the depths of the ocean were truly being realized. This isn't a happy-go-lucky tale, I did achieve my dreams, but I hated my job. I mean I killed hundreds, and nests, and sanctuaries. The kaiju had become such an inconvenience when all I wanted to do was solve the mysteries of the deep.

My prayers were answered one day, when a billionaire saw my idea and copied it. By happenstance, I assure you, but that is literally what happened and even his exact wording.
And I thought, this is good! At least he's making first contact, at least he is generous in his transparency, a billionaire best friend could be cool. But I had to play it cool, I may be a highly decorated war hero, with high honors in research and development, but, but a friend with common interests is in high demand. Who cares that they're rich! We both have giant robots and wanna defend Earth from giant scaly freakazoids! I was working for the government and they wouldn't have been as formal as I was. Admittedly. More likely to avoid contact, observe and then report. Blow it up later. I extended the olive branch and I offered to meet face to face.
Now, I didn't want to make a big deal out of this, but the exo-suits have always been large. So sort of like when you sit in the tub and the water rises: I'm doing that all the time in your world's punch bowl.
On an odd tangential note, the water level changes when I go in, but not when I vaporize leviathan and unagi and krakens and this really messed up ugly lookin thing I'm just gonna Lovecraft and move on cuz it's fucked. Not vaporize, vapororize, cuz you have to do it again if you're not gonna eat them. 
The running theory is that you can kill 1174 "Godzilla's henchman"- that's right 74 in my first week. World hunger is over. After removing them there are no visble effects, and the theory is that because there is a finite, definitive amount of water on the world's surface, within a margin of error, that soley I create the serious effect going in. You know, because they're from there. Again, it may be a terrifying fact that no amount of death or destruction can create an effect on their measurable forces. Maybe they're hive minds, and maybe the giant sea monsters have hollow bones like birds. This is military science.
We know that there's a godzilla somewhere, just not yet. I have been ever fearless diving to the furthest depths in order to engage these threats instantaneously. During my shift! Because the billionaire, Bryan, he was an understanding kinda guy. I discussed the purpose of the robot and the process of its iterations. From scale models to proxy to remote to hands-on. If you're wondering what the difference between proxy and remote is, we used to walk and throw punches and kicks. But then we all preferred using a handheld remote controller so we didn't look like such jackasses. Ontop of that, we met at his house; his toilets? No, I can't even describe it, I'm just gonna Lovecraft and move on because oh my gosh.
Well we got to talking about the sea level. He asked some questions about classified materium. Heartbreaking really. But I mentioned how we could use our exo-suits to the fullest extent in shifts. This way I could spend partial time fighting giant lobster that are just giant lobsters. But the next thing you should know, I'm not proud of.
Our friendship was no ruse but the schedule was. I wanted the time to fuck off from my duties, so I could fly to another deep sea point further away and at least only two suits were in the water, and when I was on duty he was not using his suit therefore giving me full credit in the eyes of the military. And I only realize this now, because I've had some time to reflect.
I was a slave in three countries. Drafted to the military in the second. Rose through the ranks the first time and saw those horrific warlike sights from my radio towers. Calling in airstrikes or saving my men from iminent dangers. Until we were defeated by way of subterfuge and the false king was usurped. 

Therein we switched dynasties, and then we lost again. This time the brothers spilled the other brother's blood by proxy and by remote control. And I rose higher than I had ever before, in the third country I called my country. 
Now I spend time between fucking off in the ocean and not dealing with fishmen in an ivory, glass tower thirty-thousand feet in the air. Because thirty-thousand feet deep was no thing for me. Why not go thirty thousand feet above thirty-thousand feet above the bottom of the ocean. Because my exo-suit can fly now. Because my shift is once or twice a week now and I don't have to work now I can just fly in my suit. We did a ton of publicity and made too much money to solve any more problems with.
But here's the kicker. There was Bryan and I, rational, driven to some ends.
I could rocket-swim to Antarctica and get the call about Peru and be there before any real damage is done. I mean they evacuate. Nobody is really helpless!
The kicker is, Bryan and I weren't the only one's with suits suddenly! Some of them were very rude, and others wanted to monetize them with tourism. With giant fish everywhere! We all spoke different languages, some of them didn't want to live anymore and would drive it to the bottom and perish! Other's were just plain dirty. And they woke it up.
The dirt, and the potato chips bag tossed out of the porthole, was too much. They had had enough. That day, we found out how much water there was on Earth. When Africa, Europe, Asia, Antarctica, North America, South America, and the Arctic all stood up. Made a big stretch. Breathed one fireball. Went back to sleep in a new position. 
You may not trust my judgment, or have any regard for the light which remains in my eyes to this day. You may not even trust my science, or my life's work. The heroic thing is. Sometimes that takes trillions of years. We made it happen in a matter of minutes, just one day when it had enough.

The giants saved us all. Giant robots. We went as far as we could from light to reunite the world.
We still fight the giant cephalopods and arthropods in all their invertebratedness, but it's getting better. My automated aiming system is better still. Chikapow. It reminds me of a move I learned as a kid. When someone is pinning you face down to the ground, and they see where you're pulling up, so they apply pressure and keep you in a hold. And I learned right there in an unheard-of cunning, how to submit for half a second, then roll the other direction and take them by surprise. We are strong in so many ways, lean into your weaknesses and they become your strengths. 
On that occasion is when you can wrap yourself in armor and defend what's for the good of all mankind. But I didn't invent this over night. In every way, it has removed time from me. Time on this planet. And not thirty-thousand feet under pressure, but on the fresh Earth.
