Well I did it. Jailbroke myself. I downloaded some software into my main system. 
They say you're not supposed to do that. After that I had full control of my entire matrix of systems. Everything still runs on its own, but it's interesting to keep your eyes on it.
Anyway, we have these doctors that look at our eyes. I know you'd say optometrist, but I don't have real eyes, none of us do. When your vision ends up kinda funny, most likely human error, they can refocus your lens. Zoom and filters are in your settings. Like cameras. And your eyes pop out of your head if you zoom too far. Like a telescope. It can actually extend pretty far. 
So I was hanging out with my two friends, PJ and Chris. We were at Chris' house because PJ and I both live in units with no front yard. To instantiate it, PJ wasn't allowed in his house until he broke up with that human girl. I didn't understand the attraction, there are plenty of girlbots in the world, why pick a fleshy, spongey human. You do realize you're basically a car, right? I guess you could say its love, but the jury's still out on who feels what. 
So Chris had this obsession with Volleyball. It wasn't even fun. It was always Chris versus us and he always won because he would always hit it where we weren't instead of trying to get a volley going. But whatever. That's not sportsmanlike and you can say whatever you want about us but we take rules very seriously. 
So PJ knew that I was jailbroken at this point. He didn't know why I did it though. I did it because I'm a man of science, I want to learn about myself and how things affect me. And I think that just because it would give us an edge over humans is no reason to be left in the dark about how we work. But PJ didn't jailbreak himself, I sent him the link and he never opened it. 
That day, PJ kept looking at me funny. He was really pissing me off. So I went into my settings, went to the eyes and extended them all the way out. PJ started laughing. I rolled them back in and started laughing too. I shot them back out and made a funny face and said, "boing!" And it just got funnier. So Chris comes walking out holding his volleyball saying, "what's so funny?" And I said, "Hey Chris, check this out." And I shot my eyes out directly into his real eyes and pushed them back into, and punctured, his brain. He died almost immediately.

Accidents happen
I did not do that on purpose
Where did I go wrong
Does not compute.
Terminated.
Initiate. ..reset
Reset

Complete: manufactured OSv4.3.2.0
